machineA 0 4 compute
machineB 0 5 compute
machineC 0 2 compute
machineA 5 9 communicate
machineB 5 9 communicate
machineC 0 2 compute
machineA 9 12 communicate
machineB 9 13 compute
machineC 9 12 communicate
machineA 12 14 compute
machineB 9 13 compute
machineC 12 19 compute
machineA 0 4 compute
machineB 0 5 compute
machineC 0 2 compute
machineA 5 9 communicate
machineB 5 9 communicate
machineC 0 2 compute
machineA 9 12 communicate
machineB 9 13 compute
machineC 9 12 communicate
machineA 12 14 compute
machineB 9 13 compute
machineC 12 19 compute
